Music: 
  Julien: Classical or folk music.
  Anja: Loves The Beatles and other bands from the time, not involved in music much otherwise.
  Monika: New Age and Jazz.
  Florian: Mostly Jazz.

Morning:
  Monika: Likes to drink high-quality coffee and a bowl of cereal.
  Florian: Gets himself an awfully bitter coffee and reads the newspaper.

Evening:
  Monika: She loves to read books late into the night in bed with just the bedsite table lamp on.
  Florian: Sometimes he falls asleep in his clothes.

Clothing:
  Monika: Likes to wear tank-tops and long skirts in summer and spring, leathery clothes as well as hats in winter.
  Florian: Likes to wear scraggly ties and white shirts with long sleeves. Wears a trenchcoat in winter.

Weekends:
  Monika: Tends to spend her time either reading or going out for a walk. Often times she's too fed up from work to draw.
  Florian: Either works on weekends as well or goes out to bars. Sometimes he also spends an entire weekend reading through books.

Foods:
  Monika: Doesn't really care all too much about food, so she just makes whatever is available. She loves to cook for others though.
  Florian: Same as Monika, but he hates to cook.

Drinking: 
  Monika: Dislikes sugared drinks and loves coffee, tea and milk.
  Florian: Alcoholic beverages as well as milk and tea.

Books:
  Monika: Primarily crime and detective novels, but she also enjoys romance and science-fiction from time to time.
  Florian: Mostly intellectual and non-fiction books, but sometimes likes to read science-fiction novels.

Goals:
  Monika: Wants to publish her own comic books. Settle down somewhere nice.
  Florian: Become a famous and respected journalist.

Quirks:
  Monika: Fiddles with her hair often and likes to bite her nails.
  Florian: Frequently checks his watch and scratches his head.

Speech/Bheaviour Mannerisms:
  Julien: Often replies with mere grunts and huffs at things rather than saying anything.
  Anja: Fakes a cough in embarassing situations, likes to burry her face in her hands when she doesn't know what to do.
  Monika: Frequently grins and smiles or looks around wildly with a bit of a blank expression. Can flip her character around when caught off-guard.
  Florian: Often groans or sighs, likes to say "Naja, es isch ebe..." ~= "Well, it's like...".

