ANNA and MONIKA are standing by a closed tutorial room door, having recently met. The door opens and
several students file out and walk away, leaving them alone. They both continue to stand there for a
moment, waiting for the other. Anna begins to take a step, but Monika decides at the same moment to
stride in and sit down at the table, leaving Anna to follow and close the door behind her before she
also sits down.

MONIKA places a blank drawing pad and pencil on the table and smiles at Anna, but does not
immediately say anything more.

ANNA lays her sheaf of papers down on the table and looks down at them, somewhat avoiding eye
contact in the process, and starts to look through them as she talks.

ANNA:	So, uhm, yes, as I was saying, the rules are fairly loose for this competition... of course
	it will be judged as a single composition, should be something that could be printed as a
	poster, and the deadline is the 3rd -

MONIKA stands up and steps over to the window, which she is now looking out of intently. Anna
notices her absence and looks up from the papers.

ANNA:	Er, is there something out there?

ANNA stands up as well and goes over towards the window.

MONIKA:	[matter-of-factly] There was a bird. But it flew away.

ANNA looks askance at Monika, but she does not seem to notice. Both return to the table and sit
down again. Anna neatens her papers again, but looks at Monika as she talks again.

ANNA:	Did you have any ideas for what we could do?

MONIKA looks to be thinking for several seconds, and raises a finger as if to make a suggestion,
but then shakes her head a little. A moment's pause, and then she smiles and shakes her head.

ANNA once again shuffles her papers, but this time pulls out a small copy of a poster, which she
pushes into the middle of the table.

ANNA:	Well, we did an assignment in class to design a poster to advertise a production of The 
	Niebelungenlied. I thought it might help to bring it along as an example.

The poster features typography arranged around a central image of Siegfried slaying the
dragon derived from a 19th Century painting. It advertises a fictional production of The Ring Cycle.

MONIKA takes the print and looks over it, turning it a little as she does.

MONIKA: [enthusiastically] I like the dragon!

MONIKA takes her drawing pad and pencil and starts sketching something as Anna starts to reply.

ANNA: 	[a little embarrassed] I didn't actually draw that, it's by Max Friedrich Koch. I thought
	a dynamic central image would draw attention, but the choice of typeface is really
	something I spent a while on. [falling into her stride] Naturally blackletter is classic
	and evokes both history and a certain sense of epic myth, but it must also be easy to
	read a poster at a distance, and I like to think I struck the right balance here. And the
	eye is then naturally drawn to the details of the production...

MONIKA has been drawing throughout Anna's reverie, occasionally glancing back at the poster, though
not obviously responding to the musings on typography. She turns her pad around to Anna slowly
with a mixture of shyness and nervous excitement.

On the pad she has quickly sketched her own illustration of the dragon from the poster. The style is
quite different to that of the 19th Century original, perhaps more inspired by that of comic books
than oil paintings, but is remarkably good for the small amount of time she has spent on it.

ANNA:	[surprised, veering into relief] Wow, that's - really good, actually.

MONIKA:	[smiling proudly] Thanks!

ANNA:	[a little more relaxed] I'm sure this is going to go great. We just need a good idea...
