It was as cold a day as any, the air felt crystal clear and small clouds of vapour rose as people breathed. Streets were frozen over, not a single leaf could be found on the trees in front of the large auditorium of the ZHDK. Today was to be a big day for a great many of the students that attended the university of arts. After a long semester of hard work, they would finally find out what their efforts wrought.

No, it wasn't the announcement of the finals, but something else of almost equal importance. The university had organised a large inter-departmental event in which students were grouped together randomly and tasked to create a poster to advertise an invented product or company. Participation was voluntary, but since there were real prizes to win, a lot had signed up. Two of the people that had also partaken in this test of skill were Monika and Anna.

As per usual for the two, they arrived quite some time too early. After a hasty greeting they quickly hushed inside to escape the cold. Monika's face was burning red and her eyes sparkled with excitement. She let out a quick sneeze and blinked. Anna watched her bemused.

"Come on, let's find a good place to sit. -- And I should take off my coat, I'm burning up." Monika gestured to Anna and the two went ahead through the entrance into the main auditorium. It was a big, half-circular room with many tiers of altogether too small chairs on one side and a large stage on the other. The podium on the stage was empty and Monika instantly felt a bit sad as she looked at it. With the dim lighting and the emptiness of the hall it felt almost abandoned. She averted her face as Anna pulled her up the stairs to the middle rows.

Anna strategically determined that the outer two chairs of the very middle row would yield the best results as they could easily get up, but would also have a good view not too far and not too close to the stage. The only problem with choosing the places at the edge would be to let people pass as the hall fills up. However, Anna argued that the upsides would outweigh the problems in this case. Monika didn't take notice of any of these facts and just neatly planted herself onto the seat Anna had chosen for her.

Having taken off her coat and settled down, Monika felt a lot better. Her nose and cheeks were still gleaming red though and she had to sneeze a couple more times. Anna crossed her legs and studied their surroundings. A few other students had arrived early as well, but other than that the auditorium was entirely empty. All of the spotlights were turned off and the general lighting was turned down to a minimum to conserve power. The atmosphere was a bit gloomy and it made her tired. She had to yawn and tried to hide it behind her hand, but to no avail. Monika smirked and shot her a knowing glance. Anna sighed. Having exhausted all there was to look at already and with a good half an hour to go until the announcement she let her mind wander off to worry about whether she had forgotten to hand in anything and whether they could have still improved something about their poster.

As it stood, what they had done was an advertisement for a luxury fountain pen. The pen itself was drawn using a striking, blue ink. They had taken especially big care to make the lines appear precise, but still not without a touch of elegance and style. The ad didn't have much text; the two had concluded that reducing the text and focusing on direct impact would make the ad more effective. All they had on the poster therefore was the drawing of the pen itself, the name in a beautifully rendered cursive font, the logo of the firm they had made up and a short note of the special features the pen had.

All in all, she didn't really know what they could have still improved about it without just beginning anew entirely with a different idea. But exactly that part gnawed on her mind. What if their core idea just wasn't good enough? What if the entire premise would make them fail? No, it couldn't be. Her mind raced, considering all the options they had come up with along the way and reiterating the reasons why they had been discarded.

Monika had tried to garner Anna's attention by shuffling about on her chair a bit and leaning forwards and backwards. It was all to no avail, Anna was lost in thought, a strained expression on her face. Monika sneezed again and fumbled around her jacket to find a handkerchief. She blew her nose a couple of times and because she couldn't think of anything else to do, accessed her secret stash on the inside of her jacket: A pen and a crumpled block of small paper. She eagerly began scribbling away, heeding no attention to her surroundings.

The hall slowly but surely filled up as the time of the announcement moved closer. Monika and Anna were shortly interrupted a few times as people had to pass by them, but they quickly returned to their own worlds. Five minutes before the start the hall was buzzing with activity. The seats were almost completely taken and with about two hundred students wildly chattering about, the noise level reached annoying heights. Monika was particularly agitated as she couldn't focus on her scribbles anymore, so she leaned back in her chair and tried to entertain herself by making the most foul grimace she could. The noise didn't bother Anna as much, though she would've certainly preferred it to be just a tad quieter. She had had to forcefully abort her previous line of thought as she was getting too stressed out over it. However, she was able to convince herself that nothing would change the results now and, after all, they would find out soon enough if they had failed or not.

With four minutes delay (Anna had counted them) the organisers of the contest entered the stage. One of them, a man with a scraggly beard, square glasses, and a suit with tie stepped up to the podium. He coughed lightly, looked around the audience and started speaking with a coarse and monotone voice.

Monika only took notice that there was actually something going on when Anna gave her a nudge. She had been too busy with her drawings to pay attention. On the stage Monika now saw a man who didn't seem to fit into the clothes he wore even in the slightest. She didn't recall ever seeing him before and wondered if he was a teacher or held some other position. His looks really puzzled her and she couldn't determine what kind of job he would have, wearing an unfitting suit like that. Monika figured that he might also be just some random guy they picked out from behind a café counter, stuffed into a suit and then told to hold this ridiculously boring speech. Yes, a café seemed a much more fitting place for someone like that. She could picture him now sitting behind a brown counter with a purely white shirt and dark green apron. Monika wondered what kind of customers he would have to deal with on a daily basis. Did he look like he'd be a polite clerk? Probably. Though one thing she knew for sure, he would not enthusiastically greet customers. No, that would not fit into the atmosphere of his little shop anyway. In the mornings as the sun rose rays of light would make the air glitter as the specks of dust were lit up, the smell of freshly roasted coffee beans in the air and people rushing by the large windows, hurrying to their jobs.

Her imagination went on more and more tangents until she was once more interrupted by Anna's nudging. Monika reflexively stared blankly into Anna's face and immediately turned red as she encountered Anna's glare. She knew she'd have to pay attention now, so she tried her best not to think about the coffee shop clerk and instead actually listen to what he said. It appears he was about to announce the first batch of results: the teams ranking from ten to seven. Apparently they wouldn't get any prizes at all, just honorary mentions. Monika didn't care so much for winning a prize, but she could well imagine that a lot of people would not be happy to be called up for any of these ranks.

Each announcement went exactly according to the following procedure: The number was called, then a copy of the poster was projected onto the screen behind the committee members. Scraggly beard man then quickly read down what they had thought of it. Finally the team was called up to the stage to shake everyone's hands and to pick up their certificate. After a short round of applause they then went back to their seats.

Neither Anna nor Monika knew any of the names that were called up for the first batch. The posters were all well made, but none of them seemed too interesting. The awards were for posters of a lipstick, a university, an Italian restaurant, and a shampoo, in that order. Out of all of those, Monika was most partial to the restaurant advertisement, although mostly because she noticed that she was getting hungry. Anna appreciated the way the lipstick ad had tried to use a single colour to make it more effective. The beard then set on to another speech that introduced the next batch. The winners of these would have their posters hung up around the university for the next semesters with some name plaques underneath.

"The sixth place goes to the Zürich Park project." The screen showed a large photograph of an idyllic, green park. The city's crest and a building company's logo were displayed on the bottom and a short blurb explained what the goal of the project was. "Miss Eglin and Mr Furrer displayed great aptitude with their Photography and chose an excellent subject. The intent of the advertisement is clearly portrayed and it seems as if it were taken from an actual poster from our city. It is well deserving of the sixth place and will be displayed in the halls around the University" concluded the beard. Two figures stood up from the front of the rows and hurried onto the stage. As before, they shook everyone's hands, took their certificates and returned to their seats, chattering in excitement amongst each other. Applause.

"For the fifth place we chose this poster for a luxury fountain pen by Miss Kalan and Miss Meyer." Anna stirred a bit and Monika let out a quiet "oh." Their poster was displayed larger than they'd ever seen it before themselves. The speaker continued: "With an immediately striking image and very clear-cut message, this advertisement is very effective. While remaining very minimalist in the design, there is still a very distinctive style applied. This combination of flair and effectiveness is clearly deserving of the fifth place." Anna mechanically stood up and walked towards the stage, Monika following behind her. As they stepped onto the stage, Monika looked back towards the manege. Only now the massive amount of students that filled the hall truly came apparent to her. She felt as if she was shrinking a bit and started to fidget around with her hands. Anna directly approached the glasses and shook his hand, exchanging a few words that Monika couldn't hear. Monika was uncertain whether she should say something too as she shook his hand and tried to avoid his gaze. In her mind she pondered a hundred different things she could have said or done right then, but she had no idea if anything was appropriate, so she just smiled and then turned to follow Anna to the rest of the judges.

Hands were shaken, certificates taken and then they quickly hurried off the stage back to their own seats. Monika sighed in relief as she sat down and just stared at the ceiling for a while. She didn't know what to think or do. Anna seemed unresponsive. "And the final --fourth-- place of this batch goes to Mr Durig and Mr Glauser" the voice went on. Monika didn't mind it at all. She looked at the thing sheet of paper in her hands. Her name was written on it in bold, cursive letters. At the bottom were the signatures of all the five judges. She wondered which one belonged to the Coffee shop clerk. Monika looked at Anna, who had closed her eyes for a second, let out a small sigh and then seemed to intently study the Tea advert that was displayed up front.

"And with that we come to the final three places. The each winning team will receive 100, 200 and 500 Chf in cash respectively." He shuffled his papers a bit. "Third place goes to Mr Joost and Ms Pfenninger." Anna furrowed her brow upon hearing the first name. Monika shot her a questioning glance and Anna replied "one of my classmates" without looking at her. A picture of the Matterhorn flashed up. Below it was decorated by a few houses and a cheery man suited up with hiking gear. The title read "The Tour of Your Dreams". "This fantastic touring guide poster truly seems to make the viewer feel as if they were right there, at the foot of the mountain, breathing the fresh air. Capturing such a feeling is no easy feat, so we feel that it is more than worthy of the third place." Anna seemed to glare at the student as he stood up and walked to the stage together with his partner. Monika smirked at Anna; she couldn't understand why Anna would always get so upset when others beat her, but she couldn't deny that it was amusing to watch her being sulky. Mr Joost seemed to fervently dispute something with the beard. The beard nodded and Joost turned towards the audience: "I just quickly wanted to amend that we forgot to add a small blurb to the poster, but we only noticed after we had handed it in. We're very sorry for that!" He bowed quickly and turned to face the other judges. Anna scowled. The two quietly returned to their seats with certificates in hand. Applause followed.

Then, a close up shot of a box of pralines filled the canvas. The only text on it was "Délicieux" in an extremely complex cursive font. "This fabulously rendered poster of chocolates filled us with both curiosity and the desire to try them out. Unfortunately for us, Mr Neiger and Ms Noser's creation is only an advertisement. We are however happy to award it the second place, both for the excellently done photography and the attention to detail on their subject. Everything you see was crafted by hand." Anna relaxed a bit and studied the poster intently. It was certainly very well made. She wondered how long it had taken them to learn to make pralines like that. She wanted to ask them about that some day, so she made sure to remember their names.

After the second place had left the stage and the mandatory applause, the hall suddenly turned very silent. The tension was really high and even though Monika and Anna knew it wouldn't be them they intently awaited the reveal of the winners. The coffee shop clerk shuffled his papers once more and cleared his throat. "And with that we arrive at the first place. The winners of this contest have shown excellent handling of all the different crafts involved: photography, calligraphy, graphic design, and writing." Projected onto the canvas was an advertisement for a wellness hotel. It showed all the different aspects of the hotel: A heated outside swimming pool, massage rooms, a sauna, and of course, luxurious and spacious hotel rooms. The pictures were arranged in a snake-like pattern along the middle of the poster, each accompanied by a short paragraph on either left or right side. The background of the poster was a blurred, large view of the pool with large fields and a mountain range in the back. It really was quite striking and immediately gripped the attention of the viewer. Anna, too, nodded in approval. Monika whispered to her: "I wonder where they took those photos at." "Ms Amacher and Ms Hübscher have consulted hotels all over Switzerland in order to find just the right ones for their project. Meticulous labour and a lot of travelling later, they assembled a poster for an almost dream-like resort. But not just the photography shows commitment, the text perfectly supplements the pictures and shows both wit and great knowledge of marketing tactics. Thus we award you with five hundred Franks and the first place for this contest!" With applause the two made their way to the stage. One of them seemed quite flustered and surprised by the revelation, the other gleamed with pride and happiness. They energetically shook hands with the judges and quickly claimed their certificates.

After the applause had quieted down, the beard once more set on to speak. "And with that we conclude this event. We have prepared an apéritif just outside and would welcome you to use this opportunity to learn some more about each other. If you were not called up yet you should receive a letter in the mail today, or tomorrow by the latest, which contains your certificate. Thank you all for participating and we hope this event has been a great learning opportunity for you, both to get a bit closer to real-life work and to learn about the other departments of art." And with that he collected his papers and stood down to the podium. Applause followed once more and people started to get up, chattering amongst each other.

Anna sighed loudly and looked at Monika with a tired face. "Finally it's over" she said and smiled lightly. "So what do we do now?" Monika asked as they stepped down the stairs to the exit. "Well, do you want to go to the apéritif?" - "No, not really. I'm sure it's gonna be crowded." - "Right." They squeezed through the mass of people, grabbed their coats as quickly as they could and embraced the open space outside. "Ha ha, wow, I forgot how cool it was outside." Monika said as she looked at the little clouds of vapour that formed in front of their faces. Anna looked around herself, trying to find something to say, but she didn't know what. Now that their project was over they didn't have any specific reason to see each other again, as they didn't share any classes with each other. They stared at each other for a while, then Monika shrugged. "I guess it'll be a while until we see each other again" she said, looking away from Anna. "Well, we I'd definitely like to meet up from time to time" Anna replied, folding her arms. "We could meet up every week for lunch or something like that" she went on. "Sure, that sounds good" Monika murmured, observing some birds that chattered in a tree close by. She suddenly faced Anna and asked "which day and where?" Anna pondered for a while. "I think until the end of the semester --if I recall the schedules correctly-- Thursday would be best. And I guess we could meet up around here and look for someplace to eat then." - "Sure, that sounds alright." The two stood still for another moment. Monika shuddered. "Euh, I'm freezing. I think I'd better get home. Until next Thursday then, eh?" She blinked a few times, her face was lit up bright red from the cold again. "Sure, see you then. Don't be late!" Anna shouted after her, as Monika turned to leave. She looked back, waved and grinned: "I'd never!"
