Some days appear to be out of the ordinary, strange even. Or in the
very least they seem to be different than the rest. Whether this is
just our perception and our particular mood of that day that
induced this oddity or if there have really been events that made it
into something special is often not that easy to make out. Whatever
the real cause may be, if you were to ask Monika about this particular
day, she would certainly describe it as "peculiar".

The day starts out like many winter days do. A sharp ringing noise
rips Monika awake. Feeling around in the darkness, the mind still
numb, she reaches for her alarm clock and shuts it off. With the
shrill noise still in her ears, she slowly sits upright and slowly
forces her eyes open. What she sees is a small, cluttered room
illuminated in a soft, light blue glow. Looking outside the window,
the sky appears to be pitch black, but the neighboring houses light up
brightly in their jackets of snow.

Monika forces herself onto her feet and slowly stretches around a bit,
joints and spine cracking here and there. She turns around and stares
at her warm bed, reminiscing about the warm and cozy blanket. With a
short sigh she moves on to get dressed. Outside the street lights
slowly flicker to life. Their measly light seems no match against the
cold night, as the sky sucks up their light into nothingness,
remaining as black as ever.

Fully dressed, Monika stumbles into the bathroom and washes her face,
noticing that her brother must have left it uncleaned again. Staring
emptily at her own face in the mirror, her brain starts to wake up as
well. She briefly ponders what Florian could be in such a hurry for to
leave his beard stubble all over the sink. After coming up with
several outrageous and completely unrealistic scenarios for his messy
behaviour she dismisses the thought and goes on to wash her face.
Noticing her wild bed hair she smirks a little, but decides against
fixing it.

The rest of the house remains completely silent. Both of her parents
are still sound asleep and Florian must have already left earlier.
Even though it's still more than half an hour until the beginning of
Monika's school day, she quietly grabs her backpack and heads out into
he cold morning. Shielded against the cold with a thick jacket, boots,
scarf and a woolly hat Monika makes her way through the snow towards
the Gymnasium.

The school is still mostly empty. After all, with the sky still as
dark as the night and the temperature lower than the refrigerator,
most would probably prefer to stay in bed for as long as possible. The
lights and heating are on, so at least a few teachers must be in
already as well. Arriving about half an hour too early at her
classroom, Monika sits down in the left back corner table as usual.
She puts down her backpack beside her and takes out some of her
writing tools, setting them down on her form. As the cold creeps under
her skin, she shivers a bit and rubs her hands together to warm up.

As the beginning of the first lesson nears, the classroom slowly
starts to fill up. A couple of students appear to be missing, most
likely sick in bed. Oddly enough, on this day the Latin teacher did
not arrive on time. The bell rang, the students were seated, but the
teacher remained missing. After a minute of uncomfortable silence, the
atmosphere lifts again and some of the kids start chatting. Monika
takes this opportunity to search for her Maths textbook again. She
frantically rummages through her backpack, but without any
success. She must have forgot to pack it the night before. Silently
cursing herself, she sits back in place, just in time for the Latin
teacher to hurriedly storm into the room, slamming the door shut
behind him.

Having sustained an eternity of Latin, many of the students already
look completely drained after the two lessons. With only a short
fifteen minute break to regain energy, Monika figures her best course
of action would be to snooze for a bit, hopefully waking up before the
Maths teacher could make his appearance. Her slumber is cut short by
her bench neighbor asking if she had the French exercises for the
afternoon to copy. Rejecting her with a grumpy "no", Monika attempts
to go back to sleep, but after a minute of failure decides to just
wait for the next lesson instead.

As usual, Mr. Deiss arrived a bit too early and quietly observed his
students through his thin-framed, round glasses. Monika never liked
his cold stare, but at least he never lashed out against anyone, so
she didn't mind him as a teacher either. In comparison to the other
classes, his were always very orderly and quiet, probably because most
students were too afraid to cause a fuss. As the bell rings he quietly
gets up and starts with their next topic. To Monika's relief they
actually didn't need to use the textbook during the lesson, as
Mr. Deiss explained the new topic in broader strokes first, putting
off the details as outlined in the textbook for later.

For the final lesson in the morning, the students were required to go
through the events of the Renaissance for the third week now, which
made it especially easy to get distracted by the flurry of snowflakes
outside. It would not be surprising if less than half of the students
were able to recall anything that went on during that hour. Most were
fed up with the topic, too tired or too hungry to pay attention.
Despite her best efforts, Monika couldn't help but daydream around for
good chunks of the lesson.

The ring of the bell came as a surprise to the history teacher as much
as it came to the rest of the class. With a light cough he hurriedly
finishes reading off his last paragraph, hardly paying attention to
the students. Monika wonders why he didn't put up any homework, but
doesn't want to speak up about it, fearing that he might reconsider.

Overcome with a bit of drowsiness, she eats her lunch quietly and
slowly. Watching the snow outside has an almost hypnotizing effect on
her as she barely notices the time go by. And before she knew it, her
lunch was eaten and the break was over. Surprised by the bell for the
second time today she hastily puts away her lunch box, cursing herself
for being so absent-minded. But the hurry is for naught as the French
teacher never arrives.

A few minutes after the bell Ms. Benziger, one of the school's
secretaries, appears in the door and orders everyone to go home.
Mr. Reif had apparently fallen ill and couldn't make it to the lesson
and there was no substitute teacher on hand. After scolding the boys
for cheering at the news, she disappears again. Monika got up with a
sigh, grabs her backpack and without minding any of the wild chatter
of the others, leaves the classroom. As she arrives in the main corridor
she stops for a minute to consider going to the library instead, but
dismisses the idea as she recalls still having books to finish at home.

Actually walking through the snow storm that had slowly amassed over
the morning is far less pleasant than watching it from a heated room
Monika observes grimly. Her way back home therefore took her
considerably longer and she arrives with a thick coat of snow and
frozen stiff. After carefully brushing herself free from all snow as
good as possible, she hurries inside and throws off her jacket, boots
and soggy socks.

Attracted to heat like a moth to light Monika slowly stumbles into the
kitchen towards the oven. She mechanically greets her mother with a
short "Hi" in passing. Anja, a bit surprised at her daughter's early
return watches her for a minute, continuing to stir in the pot on the
stove. Seeing as Monika won't explain herself, she decides to find
out. "So, did you skip French again today or why are you home so
early?" Monika groans audibly. "Apparently he's fallen ill. I don't
know with what though, Mrs. Benziger didn't tell us." Anja continues
to work on her broth for some minutes and then begins "You know, you
should really use your free time -" Monika glares angrily at her. Anja
sighs quietly and decides to leave her daughter to her own matters.

